winds in the east mist coming in like
something is brewing about to begin
ladies and gentlemen we are beginning
our descent into Los Angeles welcome
mrs. PL travers to the City of Angels it
smells like jasmine chlorine and sweat
introducing the creator of our beloved
Mary Poppins never ever just married now
where is mr. Disney well Pamela Travers
you can't imagine how excited I am to
finally meet you would you mind my name
is mrs. cavish mr. Disney oh well now
you gotta call me whoa 20 years ago I
made a promise to my daughter's that I
would make your Mary Poppins fly off the
pages of your books a promise
I know what he's going to do to her
she'll be cavorting and twinkie copy the
film in this grab the right now no need
us begin from here have a lot of ideas
what kind of ideas Constable's
responsible now that's a no-no nana no
response table is not a word we made it
up well unmake it up you won't take no
house isn't like that maybe it's all
wrong it's all wrong
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious stop
MARY POPPINS is not for sale I won't
have her turned into one of your silly
cartoons says the woman who sent a
flying nanny with a talking umbrella to
save the children you think baby pop and
just come safe the children did mr.
Travis what am I missing here I'm
wondering what I have to do to make you
happy you know you've never been to
Disneyland and that's the happiest place
on earth well when does everybody get to
go to Disneyland with Walt Disney
himself there he is
where did she come from Mary Poppins and
the bank sees their found it Mary
Poppins was a real person so it's not
the children she comes to say it's the
father it's your father
you don't know what she means to me I
will disappoint you I swear every time
of person walks in new movie out they
will be Joyce don't you want to finish
the story boys have come up with an idea
to make you happy you didn't bring me
all the way here to tell me that oh no I
had a wager I couldn't get you on a ride
I just 120 bucks